Refine pull request review guidelines (#1924)
ESMValGroup/ESMValTool: doc/sphinx/source/community/introduction.rst

``pytest``. Tests will also be run automatically by
`CircleCI <https://circleci.com/gh/ESMValGroup/ESMValTool>`__.

> These automated checks are run automatically when you add new commits to your PR.
> They appear at the bottom of the PR. Click on `Details` for more information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These automated checks are run automatically when you add new commits to your pull request.
They appear at the bottom of the pull request. Click on `Details` for more information
```

they are not flawless, so occasionally Codacy will report false
positives.

The documentation can be seen by clicking on `Details`. Make sure the
documentation is nicely formatted, and (if necessary) add the link to the

> top of the PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
top of the pull request.
```

> Make sure your PR has a descriptive title that can be used in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure your pull request has a descriptive title that can be used in the
```
